Get up here
big brother
Humph
This is not Tiger Lord, are you mistaken?
He runs a food stall.
How can you call him big brother? You dare to talk nonsense
I'm not your big brother anymore, big brother.
You will always be my big brother in my Wang Xiaowu heart
After you washed your hands in a golden basin
Heaven and Earth Alliance leaderless
Those guys with bad intentions
Want to hold an alliance meeting
usurpation
But in my heart, Wang Xiaohu
Only you, big brother.
Brother, as long as you understand
I will immediately tell the rivers and lakes
Return to your door
I'm not in the rivers and lakes now
I don't want to worry about your business either.
But your men are too unruly
blatant blackmail
The sky is falling
What did I teach you before?
Big brother is a tiger with no discipline
I must make rules for them.
Nonsense. I was wrong. Nonsense spared me
Send them back to serve the ghosts
Nonsense we were wrong nonsense
Nonsense spare me
Pardon my nonsense
nonsense
Brother, what else do you want?
Go wash the dishes
Clean the floor too
Give it
Oops work
Boy, big brother
I remember you used to cook, right?
I was a spoon, right?
I help me continue to entertain guests here
I'm going out
Give it
Hey, it's not big brother.
Um, where is this going?
My daughter's birthday is tomorrow.
I'm going to give him a birthday present.
My fried noodles